# YogaSage
## INTRODUCTION: 
The fusion of yoga and technology has revolutionized the way people practice yoga,
making it more accessible and personalized than ever before. Virtual yoga trainers,
aided by technological advancements, have paved the way for individuals to seamlessly
incorporate yoga into their daily routines. Through online platforms and apps, users
can access a vast array of yoga classes, tailored to their specific needs and preferences.

These trainers provide interactive video tutorials, personalized feedback, and modifi-
cations, ensuring proper form and technique. Technological advancements have also

enhanced the tracking and monitoring capabilities of yoga practice, allowing users to
track vital signs, heart rate, calories burned, and overall progress. The integration

of technology has fostered a sense of community among practitioners, enabling indi-
viduals to connect with fellow yogis, join virtual classes, and participate in challenges

and discussions. This social aspect encourages support, motivation, and the shar-
ing of experiences, regardless of geographical constraints or physical limitations. The

accessibility provided by virtual yoga trainers allows people with busy schedules or
specific circumstances to easily access diverse yoga options and tailor their practice
accordingly. Overall, the combination of yoga and technology has created a new era of
accessible and personalized yoga practice, enabling individuals to achieve their fitness
goals and incorporate yoga into their daily lives with convenience and flexibility.

## SCOPE & VISION: 
The scope and motivation of our AI Yoga Trainer project, which incorporates pose
accuracy estimation, revolve around revolutionizing the way people practice yoga by

leveraging advanced technologies. Our goal is to create a user-friendly platform or ap-
plication that provides personalized and interactive virtual yoga training experiences.

Using computer vision and artificial intelligence, our AI Yoga Trainer will accu-
rately estimate and analyze the accuracy of yoga poses performed by individuals.

By leveraging pose estimation algorithms and real-time tracking, the system will offer
users real-time feedback and guidance on their pose alignment, balance, and execution.
The motivation behind our project lies in making yoga more accessible, convenient,
and effective for individuals. We aim to cater to diverse user needs and preferences,
offering a solution that can be accessed anytime and anywhere. By incorporating pose
accuracy estimation, users can ensure they are practicing yoga with proper form and
technique, leading to more effective and safe workouts.
